---
layout: page
title: About Me
date: 2011-12-22 08:22
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: true
---

I've worked in the computer industry for the most part since 1990,
mostly centered around system administration, and web and systems
development.

I am particularly skilled in Linux system administration, and the LAMP
(Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) development platform, with the Rails/Ruby
stack as a secondary development choice.

My forte is in application and web architecture, with an emphasis on
clean, reuse of object-oriented code. I have years of experience in
designing clean, functional database-oriented web sites.

From a technological perspective, I like to stay at the forefront of
current trends in development and systems architecture. The industry
changes so fast. It is essential to research and experiment with new
ideas constantly to see what will work for you.

I am a stickler for standards-compliant best practices to clarify
development work and reduce maintenance costs. I firmly believe in
source control systems combined with unit testing to reduce development
and testing time and ensure the product is delivered as specified.

Where I have worked in a team, I become the resource that others turn to
when they have problems they cannot solve or seek advice on how to
implement a particular solution.

Now that I work for myself, it seems wasteful not to write this
knowledge down.

This is unashamedly a resum√© site, which I'm hoping to adorn with
technical reports of my research and experience in developing websites,
running Linux and being a freelance developer.

I would like to work with companies and individuals that have
interesting projects, and similar development ideals.

I know, I know. There are millions of other sites out there with a
similar theme. But I reckon I might be helping someone somewhere;
hopefully to give them a shortcut past trouble I encountered to get to
the solution.

Hopefully, by the magic of Google, the right audience will find
something useful in my contributions.
